First, you will install and run it through the RHEL web console. After
that, you will install and configure the Grafana container through
Podmanâ€™s command line interface (CLI). The RHEL web console gives you a
graphical view of your containers and can help you customize your
containers more simply.

First, click on the `+RHEL Web Console+` tab.
image:../assets/pop-out-2.png[../assets/pop-out-2] Next, log in with the
following credentials: >* Username: rhel >* Password: redhat
image:../assets/Web-console-login.png[../assets/Web-console-login]

After logging in, click on the button in the web console labeled
`+Enable administrative access+`.
image:../assets/turn-on-admin.png[../assets/turn-on-admin]

Next, enter the password (`+redhat+`) and click `+Authenticate+`
image:../assets/auth.png[../assets/auth]

In the menu on the left side of the web console, select
`+Podman containers+`
image:../assets/podman_containers_button.png[../assets/podman_containers_button]

From here, you can manage
https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2019/01/15/podman-managing-containers-pods[containers
and pods]. Click `+Create container+` to create your Grafana container.
image:../assets/create_container_button.png[../assets/create_container_button]

In the `+Details+` tab of the `+Create container+` dialog, enter the
following details: * Name: Grafana * Image: docker.io/grafana/grafana
image:../assets/grafana_details_tab.png[../assets/grafana_details_tab]
Next, click on the `+Integration tab+`, select `+Add port mapping+`,
enter 3000 as the value for `+Host port+`, enter 3000 as the value for
`+Container port+`, and then select `+Create and run+`.
image:../assets/grafana_integration_tab.png[../assets/grafana_integration_tab]

Wait about 30 seconds for the container to run. You may need to refresh
the page to update the container status. Once the container state is
`+running+`, proceed to the next step.
